---
title: About
date: 2019-07-10 10:54:53
cover_index: images/avatar-index.jpg
cover_detail: images/avatar-detail.jpg
---

Welcome to [Paul Yeager's Web Development Portfolio](https://paulyeager.net)! This is my web portfolio site. The portfolio's NodeJS hexo-cli -generated server code I have also open sourced @ [GitHub](https://github.com/violinmoksha/weblog). You too can have yet another website in under an hour or so (plus however long it takes you to type your markdown content). ;-p

On this site I document some of the mainstays of the current web which were built and/or were maintained by me, Paul Yeager. I may also mention--with ethical redaction--how various unnamed infrastructures were changed or improved through my professional interactions with said unnamed infra--amidst descriptions of my work--of course without any specific reference to any company or person aside from myself. This is so as to of course ethically protect our markets' continued growth-utilizing functions or methods I contributed to in current production(s). This way, I'm able to exercise best practices in ethical client confidentiality and corporate propriety, while also being able to give you the reader more insights into understanding what I do and what makes me tick.

The ways in which I have chosen to contribute to the growth and functionality of the world wide web are ways which I can empathically deem to be ethically good for human beings, simply-stated. Whether it's working closely with accessibility users being able to do their online corporate banking more easily through their JAWS interface, adding a new layer of crypto to a medical application creating better security for private data storage, or diagnosing intermittent data capture lapses in the load balancer of a highly-distributive private fire protection hybrid-mobile app across multiple residential neighborhoods or urban manufacturing, I strive to live and breathe critical enterprise web infrastructures in my professional engineering activities.

I'm also a classical violinist by the way, with 30+ years experience learning and playing the violin in an often-professional context. I was a world-touring child prodigy, and am recorded on multiple CDs still available on Amazon. As other semi-professional hobbies, I learn human languages surprisingly rapidly, through an ecstatic love of being able to branch off my neuroplastic pre-conditioning into new ways of interacting with humans. That in turn has an impact in my cognitive command of delivering obsessively high-quality code and contributes to my ability to notice and modify microscopic detail. Ethical hacking and penetration testing for example, are a lingual realm, and so I stay neurologically well-rounded lingually for this and many other reasons. I've at different times deeply-studied German and Thai, my Hindi and French less-so. I lived abroad for three total years, and I've transited or toured through ~two dozen countries in three continents, as well as been involved in multiple international projects. I bring a cosmopolitan perspective on work ethics and company cultures. Three cheers to our peace and cooperation as a post-technological species, and humbly-proudly: for the love of my country's web as well! After all, "Engineers build America." :-) <3
