---
title: OldKYCandy.com
date: 2019-07-10 15:43:33
cover_index: /images/oldkycandy.png
cover_detail: /images/oldkycandy.png
---

Old Kentucky Chocolates, I first wired this site’s eCommerce using Perl CGI and mSQL (not MySQL but mSQL, which was still around at the time) in ~1999-2000 inside an Apache vhosts configs. I had never coded before and was working just out of High School for Web-Point Communications in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. We can see from the browser View Source that thankfully they’ve upgraded their server architecture and technology stack-choices *quite* a bit since then, with an nginx reverse proxy in front of whatever is there now (more like what I'd most-commonly use today if there were an Apache still in the pic). (And also of course everyone using mSQL started using MySQL later, due to portability, security patches, wider array of Linuxian distros, open source, and other advantages which to the devs of today are generally more obvious than mSQL. It was 1999, so we were all the rave!) Without intending to date myself: this was the beginning of my career in webdev, Old Kentucky Candy at Web-Point Communications, under a kind ol' gentlemanly USAF Vet who'd taken me under his wing, right fresh out of having my own key to my High School's "Computer Resources Office". Having an online eCommerce storefront on the web to complement one's physical brick-and-mortar store was a brand-new concept, and so Kentucky-chocolate was an "early adopter" retail product-seller, so-as to get on the "Superhighway" for Internet eCommerce in its early years. This was also the first time I used a server-language like Perl, to both talk to a database on the back, and render the HTML and some Javascript on the front. As such, IMO the project-history proves "full stack" isn't actually very new. PHP wasn't a thing yet, so Perl was the tool of language-tool of choice. There having been no such thing as StackOverflow yet--at least, as far as I recall--I had my trusty O'Reilly -published *printed book* (imagine that, a printed, paper book for doing praxis science), for understanding how to code using PERL. ("Practical Extraction and Report Language".)
