---
title: 'SANE Forums, Australia'
date: 2019-07-10 16:03:24
cover_index: /images/saneforums.png
cover_detail: /images/saneforums.png
---

My first major exposure to Full Stack work in MEAN (Mongo, Express, Angular, Node), I'd delved into as POC/prototyping R&D in my BofA days (2010-2014), when our Team'd noticed NodeJS gaining traction-and-stability in the wider non-proprietary/non-fintech community. Thus my first "full stack" work was at BofA, ~2013-2014. However, I'd later gone to work for an Eastern European -operated company in Bangkok, while living in Thailand thereafter, where I'd first used AngularJS ("version 1", not yet v2/Typescript), then-utilizing Angular for the SolutionFuse consulting-firm I'd begun later contracting for in the US, from overseas. The hybrid-mobile app I built for said, since-redacted Field Co. originally from Czech and Slovak Republics, hasn’t stuck around in prod, while the hybrid-mobile app for SANE Forums I authored, soon-thereafter remained running; AFAIK it can still be downloaded from stores for iOS/Android. For this application based out of Oz, I'd taken an already mobile-responsive website my consulting-firm SolutionFuse had built using the Lithium web framework, and built for it a "vanilla" Apache Cordova “Javascript shell” to live in devices as IPA for iOS/APK for Android. This way, the existing website could be easily-housed within device-specific mobile-apps, since the site was already Responsively-coded for render on mobile/tablet. The "shell" gracefully maintains the state of the existing sessions-authentication from the Lithium-website, using existing cookies and hashes. This primitive-shell was basically just native-encapsulated DOM injection with a number of inter-communicating interval-polls--it's a noble "Kitty Hawk" for modern, hybrid-mobile apps. (Apache's Cordova of course, later became Capacitor, which is what React, Next, and other SPA developers tend to think of as the "go to" for encapsulating webcode in IPA/SPK.) The Cordova build consumes a small footprint of well-configured native-plugins, so as to transform the mobile-responsive site directly into a mobile app, responsive to a variety of screen-sizes, cross-platform. This was one of my earliest pushes to production in the hybrid-mobile space as it utilizes "plain vanilla" web, while also doesn't need to make use of any frontend JS frameworks or libs within its render yet (such as NG, or even jQuery for that matter). Nothing fancy under the hood, but it elegantly-achieved a Porsche-delivery, as the end-result was a lean, crash-free, fully-functioning Mobile App in iOS and Android!
