---
title: Smartie Hybrid-Mobile App
date: 2019-07-10 16:20:11
cover_index: /images/smartie.png
cover_detail: /images/smartie.png
---

Smartie was a stealth-startup -in-a-startup, for creating a hybrid-mobile app I and my juniors designed, authored, and maintained while @ SolutionFuse. It is not yet deployed to production, but is still sitting in my GitHub. Also, Others may have essentially copied it, and are most-likely profiting (not that it ever had a `LICENSE`--"live-n-learn"). It utilizes MEAN (Mongo/Express/Angular/Node) with a ParseJS layer in the back (from community-maintained -then-adopted opensource originating out of then-Facebook's sunset of the formerly-named cloud-hosted Mongo abstraction-layer--yes, I know, why didn't we use GraphQL--again, "live-n-learn"). ParseJS did have a very nice Dashboard UX though (who doesn't like a clean, stylin' Dash), for skinning as a possible interface for Customer Service reps, thus not only did it serve as a nice API -response-serving conventions-layer for Express, but also made for said, decent two-fer. Smartie uses Angular-based Ionic Framework, then- mostly chosen over React or Vue, simply for the Ionic Components kitchen-sink, which was easy for our Junior Devs to browse and integrate, and to hold pair-coding scrums about. Ionic also came with great pre-wrapped TDD; `karma-jasmine`, `protractor`.

As UX, Smartie is an educational app for connecting teachers to students (a “lyft for knowledge” as per our R&D slogan while working for encpasulating-startup/Digital Marketing firm, SolutionFuse). The app results in real-life scheduling, and (later) AI-facilitated interactions (conceptually), offering a way for knowledge-transmission and education to happen in a formal, structured human context (yet outside "ivory towers" academia). You can observe my offshore junior demonstrating a full UX flow, with a Teacher profile in one platform, and Student profile in another (deployed cross-platform on iOS and Droid thanks to Ionic Framework's shipping with Apache Cordova). This demo's the Student and Teacher connecting with each other initially, through the application, and proceeding to the Point of Sale, <a href="https://ln.sync.com/dl/5d7487960/r3rwihv4-gzu3zdz3-bq94v36c-37ya42m3" target="_blank">demo'd here</a>. For interested Angels or VCs who might want to help our Smartie startup-in-a-startup out of its dusty code-basement, back into the Tech light of day, I have all five of its codebases, under my IP rights.

(I'm happy about the work I'm displaying here, even with my most-senior Junior's hands navigating the demo, as it quite-completely manifests my Tech-and-human skills in-aggregate, together in a single "full, full-stack" project, whereby, same as my time at Bank of America building its Transactions UI, I not only was able to Lead my Team by code, but also could help my Juniors towards brighter-and-greener pastures, through their skills gleaned in pair-code. Thus, even though the app technically never made it to production, or lifetime-earnings in maintenance, I know the people I worked with benefitted. Also, Smartie remains a project to fund, if anyone reading this is interested in seeing education (think: martial arts, massage therapy, non-western classical musics) sprout a newly-formalized life outside more-formal "ivory tower" est. Perhaps the idea was haughty to all along, thus why it didn't reach production "as Smartie," but hey, "leave it a little better.") ✝️